
    As programmer(s) for the 2020 Rocktown Robotics team, it will be a lot simpler for you to base your
new code on the old code created by previous teams. This is standard practice, and provides an excellent
base code for you, while not depriving you of learning things, as you will most definetely have to change
some things.

    Unfortunately, the 2019 FRC Game Rules replaced the old forced Autonomous Period with a "sandstorm"
in which Driver vision is restricted to that provided by onboard cameras. I have attempted to convince 
the rest of the team that a well-refined, encoder & gyro-controlled automated sequence will be far more
precise and consistent than any human operation run through some awkwardly placed low-resolution camera.
I have failed.

    In the interest of making the job of future team 3274 programmers a bit easier, I have hereby included
text file versions of the 2018 Autonomous commands to automatically drive and turn. They worked, and
they worked well. Code for encoders and the gyro are already (mostly) present in most relevant places of the 
2019 code,(specifically Robot and Drivetrain), often commented out.

    Obviously, this code is configured for the 2018 Rocktown Robotics Robot, and as such will require 
a bit of fine-tuning to be suitable for whatever you come up with next year. Nevertheless, editing the
old code as needed will be a lot easier than creating new code from scratch. I'll also include a copy
of 2018's OI file, as that includes the neccessary code for implementing Encoders and gyros, as well as
options to teleop control a more intricate robot than what we have this year, as well as an example of
one of our integrated Autonomous programs.

    I've also included a (somewhat) brief description of the function of the code in a comment at the 
very top. The commenting doesn't matter in a text file, of course, but it will if/when you convert it 
into a java file (just rename the file whatever.java)

                                                                            Ian 
                                                                     Rocktown Robotics main programmer
                                                                                2019 season
